DM-1818 OPC UA: Add missing documentation for device type endpoints (#868)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/opcua-bundle/rest-api.md

####

#### Get a device type

**Endpoint** 

> `GET /service/opcua-mgmt-service/deviceTypes/{deviceTypeId}`

Reviewer: `/deviceTypes` marked as deprecated.
`/device-types` is the correct one.

####

#### Get all OPC UA device types

**Endpoint**

`GET /service/opcua-mgmt-service/device-types`

**Payload**

The endpoint returns a JSON array of all OPC UA device types.

#### Get a single device type

**Endpoint** 

`GET /service/opcua-mgmt-service/device-types/{deviceTypeId}`

**Payload**

> A JSON representation of the device type with the given id if existing. If not, an error message is returned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A JSON representation of the device type with the given ID if it exists. If not, an error message is returned.
```
